you
after 15 Grammys and countless hits with
the world's biggest stars David Foster
celebrates his success with a new CD DVD
called hitmen David Foster & Friends and
he finally joins us here in our studio
sing this note try it I actually have a
phobia of singing out why do this book
now if I get to be 80 and try to do it
all forget everything and it has been 40
years out of all the people you've
worked with from George Harrison to
Michael Buble Celine Dion and Chicago I
could go on and on without notes red
buck Russell who is the most memorable
and why
Dolly Parton I love this because ladies
and gentlemen this was not in the book
and we're getting it right no who do you
have your eye on make sure if she's a
young Filipino girl and Oprah loves this
girl so much she's been on the show on
over show at least three times but she
is amazing and I'm working with her now
and I think that's gonna be he's gonna
be a big album you produced who would
you go on a date with I've given a
chance does Elle McPherson sing no you
know who my new man crush is I have a
man crush on seal seal was the most fun
I've ever time making a record this new
record
they're pretty open about the
relationships that you've had there are
ladies in your life but I won't do it
again you won't get married again for a
woman there was no woman on this earth
that can make you get married oh there
you go you see you did wedding no that's
good though because some people can't
hit the note so you have you have you
have potential okay you definitely have
the look all right so maybe I can get